In this section, we'll go over
an amazing framework for writing smart contracts called OpenZeppelin.
OpenZeppelin is a library of extremely useful smart contracts that have
followed best practices and adhered to all standards with the focus on security.
It's used by numerous projects and teams making it
secure and battled-tested collection of libraries.
To demonstrate the extreme usefulness of OpenZeppelin's ecosystem,
let's go ahead and see how we can write
our star notary service with the help of OpenZeppelin.
First, we have to install OpenZeppelin.
So, let's go back to our smart contract's directory,
and perform the installation steps needed.
Utilizing node package manager,
lets initiate the npm initialization command.
This time, we'll use y flag,
the y flag allows us to automate the yes for any promptings that exist.
Next, npm install with save-exact command.
The save-exact command allows us to save
the exact version number for the package that we're installing,
in this case, OpenZeppelin for solidity.
To view the save dependencies after the installation utilizing
node package manager it's always good to investigate package.json,
just to double-check that we have the right package.
Considering that we had went ahead and utilize the y command,
which can save a lot of prompting,
I think it's a good time right now just to go ahead and double-check this.
Yep. Look at that.
We have the correct version of OpenZeppelin,
and we can proceed forward with confidence.
Okay, let's go check out the OpenZeppelin GitHub repository,
take some time to review the ReadMe,
within the ReadMe there's lot of useful information ranging
from installation, usage, to security.
It's always good to investigate this.
Okay, what we're going to do next,
is navigate to the actual contracts directory.
Let's just double-check where we're at in regards to creating a new token,
we need the ERC721 standard,
and sure enough, we have the ERC721 solidity file.
Okay, we have some commands that we're interested in like, balanceOf an ownerOf.
So, I think the next step here is to go ahead and go back to our node modules,
and we're going to go to our contracts directory,
and you'll notice it's very similar to GitHub repository.
If you're wondering, is this a clone of repository?
The answer is yes.
You can see right here we have the ERC721 solidity file,
and it matches the GitHub repository.
Look here, we have our balanceOf function with ownerOf function,
and our approve function.
Okay. This is looking really good for us,
let's go ahead and proceed forward.
Okay, next we want to navigate to our StarNotary,
and take advantage of OpenZeppelin.
The very first thing we need to do to do this,
is modify our import statement to go ahead and point it to OpenZeppelin.
We know that we have OpenZeppelin by investigating our node modules,
so what we're doing here is putting in that path,
it's a similar path as the GitHub,
as well as our node modules.
So, let's just input it right here.
This is going to allow us to take advantage of the ERC721 interface from OpenZeppelin.
Okay. So, let's go ahead and bring up the OpenZeppelin solidity file into a new window,
so that way we can go ahead and compare command,
and migrate over those functions that we're interested in.
The very first function is the mint function.
All right, so this looks like the mint function,
what we want, let's go ahead and copy it.
We'll just retype it out here,
we're going to go ahead and remove
our current mint function and incorporate OpenZeppelin's mint function.
So, when I put in the message.sender variable,
as well as a tokenId variable.
Okay. Perfect. Next, we want to go ahead and remove token from,
add token to, so let's do that now.
We're removing our transfer helper because it's no longer needed,
and it simplifies our file considering that we're taking advantage of OpenZeppelin.
So, let's go ahead and incorporate the removeTokenFrom user,
go ahead and take advantage of the removeTokenFrom,
put in the starOwner and the tokenId.
Next, addTokenTo,
message.sender, and then we're going to incorporate the variable of tokenId.
Okay, it's time to test.
During the test you can see that OpenZeppelin is actually being included within our test.
So, we know the import statement is working,
and our tests have passed.
Fantastic. As you notice,
that's the power of OpenZeppelin,
to incorporate a library of standards that you can incorporate
as interfaces to allow inheritance of
various functions and objects that you can utilize within your web development
practice's when you're creating solidity smart contracts.